# ACS 2.0 Attributes Step 1: Resources

  ## TODO paste ACS 2.0 Recommendation HERE


# ACS 2.0 Attributes Step 2: Entity Attributes / Access Control (Recommendation Only)

  ## Reference above Recommendation



# ACS 2.0 Attributes Step 3: Implementation for Entity Attributes and Access Control

   ## Entity Attributes

    GOAL: Specify whether an account is a person (PE) or system (NPE)
    GOAL: Specify entity attributes for user accounts

     XI-4599 Create migration for ACS 2.0 entity attributes
     XI-4598 Database design for ACS 2.0 entities
     XI-4597 Support ACS 2.0 Entity Attributes for user accounts (PE and NPE)

   ## Access Control

   GOAL: Restrict access to various data objects based on resource and entity attributes
   GOAL: Identify applicable resource attributes for resources

   XI-4600	Administrative UI pages for defining/managing ACS 2.0 attributes


# ACS 2.0 STIX and CYBOX IDs

    Determine what ID prefix should be used internally and externally.  NCCIC or ACS 2.0 prefix

# STIX/CYBOX Observable XML file Storage Updates

    GOAL: XML output will organize Indicators and Observables into their own respective sections.  Observables and Related Indicators will be IDREF'd within Indicators

    XI-4607 STIX Output Changes
    XI-4550	Ensure that STIX XML output validates
    XI-4527	General STIX improvements

# Automated Transfer of STIX documents to EWAH

    REQ: Analyst Notes must not be sent

    1. Automated Transfer of STIX Documents to EWAH              \

    Goal: To push Indicators from CIAP to ECIS in the EWAH environment, for sharing with ESSA Storefront.

    1.	A User marks an Indicator as Publicly Releasable (via ACS 2.0 tags).

    2.	Automatically daily, the CIAP system will transfer Indicators (marked as ACS 2.0 Publicly Releasable) to ECIS via a RESTFUL web service.

    NOTE: The Indicators will include Observables. The Indicators will not include: analyst notes, the creating organization, the creating user, system tags, user tags, related indicators, PII, or audit history.

    NOTE: Indicators in ECIS will be shown as uploaded from CIAP.

    XI-4572	Automated Transfer of STIX documents to EWAH

# Search Tag Enhancements

    An indicator tagged as FO01 is returned when searching "FO01" in the search box

# Search Upgrades

    GOAL: To better fufill queries which come from the Storefront

    In order to fufill this goal, we will enable XPATH searching (XML based search) in addition to full text search (already supported)

    EXAMPLE: Search "\\indicator[stix_id=NCCIC:FakeIndicator-137261c9-581a-4a37-b417-f92919c22f0c]"

        This will find all indicators with stix_id above

    XI-4202	API Calls for integration with ESSA Storefront

# Track Sources on ESSA Queries

    DONE

    When performing an api request as a Storefront system or user, the source_entity is logged to the CIAP database

    XI-4605	Track Source on ESSA queries / show Source in application.


# MISC

XI-4593	List of suggested tags does not close

XI-4592	CIDR block support - Search IP Address by CIDR block.

XI-4584	Example STIX Files not loading

XI-4549	In STIX, EmailMessage (From, Reply_To, Sender) should have a CYBOX object ID to output in the "object-reference' attribute - if they don't have one, generate it and save it